Initialize:
  - start date: 25 April 2014
  - end date: 25 April 2015
  - starting cash: 10000 dollars
  - symbol(s): anything you want

State:
  - what variables do I track?
  -- ichimoku 
  -- 9 day moving average

  -- I want some baselines to start with. My thesis is that prices generally pivot from or crosses what people like to call support/resistance levels. I don't like that terminology. In my opinion, it's just the level where the market stabilizes for a while for some complex reasons( cumulative effect of many incomprehensible factors). These are the levels I want to precompute. These levels are based on the start date and go back in time. 
  These levels are:
  1. previous week high/low 
  2. previous month high/low 
  3. previous Quarter 1 high/low 
  4. previous Quarter 3 high/low 
  5. previous Year high/low 
  Let's call these values as our "primary-levels"

On each bar: -- I've a question. Do I select the candle timeframe? If yes, then set it to 15 min candles
  - what indicator(s) do I compute?
  -- ichimoku
  -- 9 day moving average

  - entry condition:
  -- when 9 day moving average crosses up the ichimoku baseline
  -- and, then candle closes higher than ichimoku baseline
  -- The low of the closing candle will be our Stop Loss.
  - exit condition:
  -- Here's where it get's interesting.
  -- We will take the closest 3 primary-levels to work with. 
  1. If the price reverts back after touching primary-level 1. Sell .
  2. If the price crosses primary-level 1 , then wait for it to cross primary-level 2 and set primary-level 1 as Stop Loss. 
  3. If the price reverts back after touching primary-level 2. Sell. 
  4. If the price crosses primary-level 2, then wait for it cross primary-level 1 and set stop loss to primary-level 2. 
  5. If the price comes close to primary level 3, the highest primary-level . Sell. 
  

  - position sizing (simple)
  -- 35 percent of total holdings

Optional:
  - any rules like “only one trade at a time”
  -- yeah only one trade at a time. 
  
I've deliberately not put the strategy for selling. This one is only for buying. Also, the selling will be just the reverse of this but that also contains other factors like leverage and current balance. So I'm leaving that out for now.

I've also attached a pdf of this very strategy for more information that I could have forgotten to mention. Keep in mind that I want a working MVP as soon as possible. Profit is not the main concern now. 
